set expectations around LLM generated code (#10544)
wesnoth/wesnoth: CONTRIBUTING.md

If your pull request touches the engine's C++ source code, we recommend (but don't require) you run `clang-format` on your changes before submission (Visual Studio Code gives you a handy context menu option to do so). This ensures that your code remains formatted according to our conventions. Make a local commit before running `clang-format`, in case more code than expected gets changed.

> Additionally, although using LLMs as a tool while you write code is an accepted practice, having an LLM write all your code for you is not. If you open a pull request you are expected to be able to explain what the code you're submitting does and why it's done this way. If you're not able to explain the code you've submitted then the reviewer(s) may decide to immediately close your pull request - we are all volunteers, our time is limited, and it's not our responsibility to try to interpret the code you asked an LLM to output. Do not submit "vibe coded" pull requests if you aren't able to explain their implementation details yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally, for LLM-generated or LLM-assisted code, if you open a pull request you are expected to be able to explain what the code you're submitting does and why it's done this way. If you're not able to explain the code you've submitted then the reviewer(s) may decide to immediately close your pull request - we are all volunteers, our time is limited, and it's not our responsibility to try to interpret the code you asked an LLM to output. Do not submit "vibe coded" pull requests if you aren't able to explain their implementation details yourself. Testing LLM-generated code is also strongly recommended to ensure that it actually does what it is supposed to do.
```

Reviewer: I've suggested a more neutral version. We are neither supporting it nor totally excluding it (when it is used judiciously).
